Title: Bridge and Independently Funded Fellows
Date: 2015-06-24 21:15
Author: tejalm
Slug: bridge-and-independently-funded-fellows

<div
class="field field-name-field-summary field-type-text-with-summary field-label-inline clearfix">

<div class="field-label">

Summary: 

</div>

<div class="field-items">

<div class="field-item even">

Advancing Justice – Asian Law Caucus (“Advancing Justice – ALC”) invites
rising and third-year law students, judicial clerks, and other recent
law school graduates to apply for sponsorship for public interest
fellowship projects to begin in 2015 or 2016. Advancing Justice – ALC
provides fellows with the ability to engage in comprehensive legal
research and writing, policy advocacy, community education, and
coalition building while advancing civil rights and social justice
issues.

</p>

<span
style="font-size: 13.0080003738403px; line-height: 1.538em;">Founded in
1972, Advancing Justice – ALC is the nation’s oldest legal Asian
American civil rights organization. Our mission is to promote, advance,
and represent the legal and civil rights of Asian and Pacific Islander
(API) communities. Recognizing that social, economic, political and
racial inequalities continue to exist in the United States, Advancing
Justice – ALC is committed to the pursuit of equality and justice for
all sectors of our society, with a specific focus directed toward
addressing the needs of low-income, immigrant and underserved APIs. We
advance our mission through direct legal services, impact litigation,
community organizing and education, and policy advocacy. Currently,
Advancing Justice – ALC’s main areas of practice are criminal justice
reform, housing rights, immigrant rights, national security and civil
rights, and workers’ rights. </span>

</p>
<p>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="field field-name-body field-type-text-with-summary field-label-hidden">

<div class="field-items">

<div class="field-item even">

**Qualifications:**

</p>

<span
style="font-size: 13.0080003738403px; line-height: 1.538em;">Candidates
should be highly self-motivated rising or current third-year law
students, judicial clerks, or other recent law school graduates with a
strong and demonstrated commitment to public interest law, social,
economic, and racial justice and community empowerment. Applicants must
either be admitted to the California bar or be sitting for the
California bar examination prior to his or her start date. In addition,
language ability in an Asian or Pacific Islander language is preferred.
Advancing Justice – ALC is an equal opportunity employer. People of
color, LGBT, and bilingual candidates are encouraged to apply. For more
information, please
visit</span>[www.advancingjustice-alc.org](http://www.advancingjustice-alc.org/)<span
style="font-size: 13.0080003738403px; line-height: 1.538em;">.</span>

</p>
<p>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="field field-name-field-application-procedure field-type-text-with-summary field-label-inline clearfix">

<div class="field-label">

Application Procedure: 

</div>

<div class="field-items">

<div class="field-item even">

To be considered for a fellowship at Advancing Justice – Asian Law
Caucus, submit the following materials (applications will be considered
on a rolling basis):

</p>

<span
style="font-size: 13.0080003738403px; line-height: 1.538em;">1.</span><span
class="s1" style="font-size: 13.0080003738403px; line-height: 1.538em;">
     </span><span
style="font-size: 13.0080003738403px; line-height: 1.538em;">Cover
letter specifying the candidate’s interest in Advancing Justice – ALC
and any relevant experience;</span>

</p>

2.<span class="s1">      </span>Resume;

</p>

3.<span class="s1">      </span>List of three references;

</p>

4.<span class="s1">      </span>Short legal writing sample (7-10 pages);

</p>

5.<span class="s1">      </span>Completed [Fellowship Supplement
Form](https://docs.google.com/a/advancingjustice-alc.org/document/d/1OEOvv5auzZgZ1l_dnbWPcayj20O9qPa4TKVs_4TeBoM/edit).

</p>

<span
style="font-size: 13.0080003738403px; line-height: 1.538em;">Applications
will be accepted only by email to
<fellowships@advancingjustice-alc.org>. Please no phone calls. </span>

</p>
<p>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</p>

